
![adaptation](https://github.com/andrewtricoche/ebb-flow/blob/master/img/hero-image-andrew-tricoche.png?raw=true)
# Zen, Web Design and Adaptability
John Allsopp goes on to write about the functions of website design and its seemingly
simple way of connecting to code. He covers the basics of the use of color, text, imagery,
layout and code and the philosophy a web designer must have in order to grasp their task.
His philosophical references seem to be the most emphasized, however within his philosophy
resides the equal importance of all subjects.

## Competition

Understanding the internet as a medium and its competitors helps us put the web into
perspective. The internets parent mediums, television, radio and print, can do things that
one another cannot. However, these differences and restrictions of mediums are necessary 
because without them, other mediums could not exist. The internet can do things that the
radio cannot, as the radio can do things print cannot and so on and so forth. John Allsopp
goes on to mention that while this information may seem only like a history lesson, it 
does help us realize that not *everything* should be applied to the web as some things 
just aren't meant for it.

## Control

While a sense of control of web design is needed, in some cases we need to let go. Why?
Because the designer need not shove his own restrictions down the audiences throat as they
too need some sort of control to adjust the design to their own personal comfort. In this
case, instead of setting rules like specifying the exact size the body text must be, we 
can set a percentage of which the body text is allowed to be controlled. So while we might
have the body text be set at 10pt, we can allow the user to adjust this setting using
percentages so that the body text can be adjusted to 12pt or 8pt depending on the users
needs. This not only relieves stress from the designers shoulders, but also relieves the 
stress of those on the other end attempting to use your design. With this in mind, we can
apply it to all different aspects of web design: color, text, imagery, and layout as all 
things fit underneath the same design philosohpy. As Bruce Lee would say,

>You must be shapeless, formless, like water.

Read the full article [here](https://alistapart.com/article/dao)
![Andrew](https://github.com/andrewtricoche/ebb-flow/blob/master/img/headshot-andrew-tricoche.jpg?raw=true)
#### About the Author
Andrew goes to Montserrat College of Art to study design and illustration. He collects mexican handmade mugs and his favorite color is orange.

